[DOCS-10730] Add Obs Pipelines 2.7 components (#30454)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/destinations/http_client.md

---
title: HTTP Client Destination
disable_toc: false
---

## Overview

Use Observability Pipelines' HTTP Client destination to send logs to an HTTP client, such as a logging platform or SIEM.

## Set up destination

> Set up the New Relic destination and its environment variables when you [set up a pipeline][1]. The information below is configured in the pipelines UI.

Reviewer: is this specifically to New Relic? i think this might have been a copy pasta.

Author: Totally copy pasta'd it 🙈...thanks for catching!

```suggestion
Set up the HTTP Client destination and its environment variables when you [set up a pipeline][1]. The information below is configured in the pipelines UI.
```

1. Select your authorization strategy (**None**, **Basic**, or **Bearer**).
1. JSON is the only available encoder.
1. Optionally, toggle the switch to enable compression. If enabled:
	1. GZIP is the only available compression algorithm.
	1. Select the compression level you want to use.

> 1. Optionally, toggle the switch to enable TLS. If you enable TLS, the following certificate and key files are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, toggle the switch to enable TLS. If you enable TLS, the following certificate and key files are required:
```

    - `Server Certificate Path`: The path to the certificate file that has been signed by your Certificate Authority (CA) Root File in DER or PEM (X.509).
    - `CA Certificate Path`: The path to the certificate file that is your Certificate Authority (CA) Root File in DER or PEM (X.509).
    - `Private Key Path`: The path to the `.key` private key file that belongs to your Server Certificate Path in DER or PEM (PKCS#8) format.

## Set the environment variables

{{% observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/destination_env_vars/http_client %}}

> ## How does the destination work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How the destination works
```

### Event batching

> A batch of events is flushed when one of these parameters is met. See [event batching][2] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A batch of events is flushed when one of these conditions occurs. See [event batching][2] for more information.
```
